attention if you interfere with advertising
close the advertising message just
clicking on the cross in the upper right corner
ad unit teremok rode man with
pots and lost one pot
a fly has come flying and asks whose
house-teremok who lives in the terem see
there is no one she flew into the pot and became
live there
a mosquito-pusher flew in and asked whose
house-house
who does not live in shooting gallery, I fly-goryuha and you
who on the mosquito-pusher go live with me
so they began to live together
I ran a mouse-bite and asked
whose house is a teremok
who lives in the tower , I fly-goryuha
on mosquito piskun and you who am I
mouse gnaw go to us began to live
they live three
rode a frog and ask
who lives in the tower , I fly-goryuha
mosquito-piskun I am a chewing mouse
and you are me or a spoon go to the window
they began to live for us four together
bunny runs and asks whose
house-house
who lives in a mansion I have a fly-on goryuha
mosquito piskun
I am a mouse bastard. and you and me
bunny runner
go live with us they began to live in
peter
ran past the fox
does not ask whose house-teremok
who lives in the tower , I fly-goryuha
mosquito- piskun I am a gnaw mouse I am a cat
cat i'm a bunny runner on the hill
and you who I am a fox in conversation beautiful go
to live with us they began to live in six
the wolf came running
Jade flour prison who lives in the terem
I fly, I goryuha mosquito-peeper I
gnaw mouse i frog
Cossack goats running down the hill
yannis when talking beauty and wolf-wolf
from behind a bush
go live with us here they live seven
all together and grief a little bear came and
knocking
whose house-house who is in the term
mosquito pikun apple I'm a frog
up to sos handouts on the hill gallop i fox
beautiful conversation
you grunted cleaner from the bush
rotring true and i'm gonna squeeze you all
the bear sat on the pot the pot crushed
and scared all beasts
they fled who where
here and the tale is over